# AltBot Project Meeting Notes

## Meeting 1: November 5th, 2023

### Participants
- Shreyas
- Niraj
- Jash
- Onkar
- Andrew
- Xuanyu

### Agenda
1. **AltBot Project Overview**
2. **Progress Review on ALTTagMLService**
3. **Discussion on Integrating Image Recognition**

### Meeting Details

#### AltBot Project Overview
The team engaged in a detailed discussion about the AltBot project, underscoring its mission to enhance image accessibility within Mastodon. Conversations revolved around the fundamental importance of making Mastodon more inclusive for visually impaired users.

#### Progress Review on ALTTagMLService
Shreyas offered an update on the progress made in developing ALTTagMLService. 

#### Discussion on Integrating Image Recognition
Led by Niraj and Jash, the discussion centered on integrating image recognition capabilities into the AltBot system. Various potential algorithms and approaches were explored to ensure robust and effective image interpretation for accessibility purposes.

---

## Meeting 2: November 10th, 2023

### Participants
- Onkar
- Jay
- Niraj
- Shreyas

### Agenda
1. **Status Update: AltBotService**
2. **Testing Procedures and Quality Assurance**

### Meeting Details

#### Status Update: AltBotService
Onkar, Jay, and Shreyas provided an overview of the progress made on AltBotService, highlighting milestones achieved especially with alt text generation.

#### Testing Procedures and Quality Assurance
The team conducted discussions on testing methodologies to ensure reliability and functionality for the AltBotService.

---

## Meeting 3: November 15th, 2023

### Participants

- Onkar
- Xuanyu
- Shreyas
- Jash
- Niraj

### Agenda
1. **Finalizing ALTTagMLService Features**
2. **Integration Plan for AltBotService and ALTTagMLService**
3. **Project Timeline and Milestones**

### Meeting Details

#### Finalizing ALTTagMLService Features
Onkar and Xuanyu presented proposed features for ALTTagMLService, seeking input from Shreyas and Jash for finalization.

#### Integration Plan for AltBotService and ALTTagMLService
Discussions centered on the seamless integration of AltBotService with ALTTagMLService, ensuring smooth functionality between the web GUI and the Mastodon Bot.

#### Project Timeline and Milestones
The team reviewed the project timeline and discussed that we are on the right track.

---

## Meeting 4: November 17th, 2023

### Participants
- Shreyas
- Niraj
- Jash
- Jay

### Agenda
1. **Updating Database**
2. **Functionality to Unsubscribe to the Bot**

### Meeting Details

#### Updating Database
The team discussed the necessity and strategy for updating the database within the AltBot system. Conversations centered around optimizing data storage and ensuring efficiency.

#### Functionality to Unsubscribe to the Bot
Discussions revolved around implementing a user-friendly feature to allow users to unsubscribe from the AltBot service.

---

## Meeting Notes 5 - November 21th, 2023

### Participants
- Onkar
- Jay
- Eddie
- Niraj

### Agenda
1. **Replying to the Specific Post from Image Extraction**
2. **Tracking and Storing Image Source Information**

### Meeting Details

#### Replying to the Specific Post from Image Extraction
Conversations focused on the technical aspects of allowing the AltBot to reply to the specific post from where an image was extracted. 

#### Tracking and Storing Image Source Information
The team discussed tracking and storing information related to the source of the images. 

---

## Meeting 6: November 25th, 2023

### Participants

- Onkar
- Shreyas
- Jash
- Niraj

### Agenda
1. **Debuggging DB problems**
2. **Working on the video check-in**

### Meeting Details

#### Debuggging DB problems

Jash and Niraj were working on debugging database problems to check whether some images are already present in the DB before generating some alt tags

#### Working on the video check-in
Niraj and Shreyas discussed the video check in and their deadline.

## Meeting 7: November 29th, 2023

### Participants

- Onkar
- Shreyas
- Jash
- Niraj
- Eddie
- Jay

### Agenda
1. **ReadMe for testing purposes**
2. **Presentation preparation**

### Meeting Details

#### ReadMe for testing purposes

Eddie showed his ReadMe for test so it shows how we can configure and run the tests

#### Presentation Preparation

Everyone else discussed what to prepare for the presentation that we need to present live. 


